## Failed Handshake Due to Broken Client Certificate Chain
This scenario illustrates how the handshake is aborted when the client certificate chain is broken. The configurations for the client and server are virtually identical as the set of enabled protocol versions as well as the set of enabled cipher suites is equal for both. In addition, client authentication is requested by the server, and it is enabled for the client. The only certificate present in client's key-store has truncated certificate chain without any CA certificate. After receiving the *ClientHello* message from the client, the server responds with its usual sequence of handshake messages. Subsequently, the client responds with *Certificate* and *ClientKeyExchange* messages. I would expect the *Certificate* message to carry only the client certificate without the certificate chain. However, it does not carry any certificate. In other words, the *Certificate* message sent by the client is empty, it even does not carry the client certificate which is available. After receiving the *Certificate* and *ClientKeyExchange* messages from the client, the server aborts the handshake with fatal *Alert*. The description seems to depend on the SSL/TLS implementation used by client - *bad_certificate* and *certificate_unknown* are the most likely descriptions.

There are actually two client configurations for this scenario - one using the default JSSE provider, the other using Bouncy Castle provider. Correspondingly, there are two capture files, each based on one of the above mentioned client configurations. As I used Oracle Java when performing the captures, the default JSSE provider was the Sun provider in my case.