## Failed Handshake Due To Absence of Trust Anchor for Client Certificate
This scenario illustrates how the handshake is aborted when the trust anchor for the client certificate is absent. The configurations for the client and server are virtually identical as the set of enabled protocol versions as well as the set of enabled cipher suites is equal for both end-points. In addition, client authentication is requested by the server, and it is enabled for the client. The certificate chain for the only certificate present in client's key-store does not involve any root CA certificate, it only involves the client certificate and the certificate of the intermediate CA that issued the client certificate. The server's trust-store also does not contain the certificate of the root CA that issued the certificate of the above mentioned intermediate CA. After receiving the *ClientHello* message from the client, the server responds with its usual sequence of handshake messages. After receiving the sequence of messages from the server, the client sends the *Certificate* and *ClientKeyExchange* messages to the server. The *Certificate* message does not carry any root CA certificate. After receiving the above mentioned messages from the client, the server fails to validate the client certificate chain and aborts the handshake with fatal *Alert*. The description seems to depend on the SSL/TLS implementation used by server - *bad_certificate* and *certificate_unknown* are the most likely descriptions.
