## Successful Handshake without Client Authentication
This scenario illustrates successful handshake without client authentication. The configurations for the client and the server are distinct but compatible. TLSv1.1 is enabled for the server, TLSv1.1 and TLSv1.2 is enabled for the client. Besides the common protocol version, a set of *TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128...*  cipher suites is enabled for both end-points. Client authentication is not required by the server, and it is disabled for the client. The handshake starts with the initial *ClientHello* message carrying the highest protocol version supported by the client (TLSv1.2 in this particular case). It also carries cipher suites enabled for the client in client's order of preference. After receiving the *ClientHello* message from the client, the server responds with the *ServerHello* message. It carries the highest protocol version enabled for the server (TLSv1.1 in this particular case) and the first cipher suite from the received list which is also enabled for the server. Messages related to client authentication (i.e. *CertificateRequest* sent to the client, *Certificate* and *CertificateVerify* sent to the server) are missing. The *Certificate* message sent to the client carries the entire certificate chain available in server's key-store. The handshake is completed by two pairs of messages, namely *ChangeCipherSpec* and *Finished* sent to the server, followed by *ChangeCipherSpec* and *Finished* sent to the client. Transmission of encrypted application data follows after the latter pair of messages.

For this scenario, the server's key-store contains the complete certificate chain associated with the server certificate. In concrete terms, it contains:

- the server certificate
- the certificate of an intermediate CA which issued the server certificate
- the certificate of the root CA which issued the above mentioned intermediate CA certificate

During the handshake, the server sends the above described complete certificate chain to the client. Compare this with the [Successful Handshake with Client Authentication](../Successful_Handshake_with_Client_Authentication) scenario, which illustrates a different approach.